Lee 2018 supplement, PDF page 75 / printed page 73:
 73
Stratified LD S core Regression. We  used stratified LD score  regression to
supplement our analyses of tissues/cell types. Finucane et al. have made available
stratified LD score s based on whether a gene is highly expressed in astrocytes,
oligodendrocytes, or neurons 52. These annotations are in turn  based on the expression
data gathered from postnatal mice brains by Cahoy et al. 53 We will provide more details
about our use of stratified LD score regression in the next subsection.
5.3. Methods: Robustness Checks of Causal Genes and Enriched Gene Sets
MAGMA. We  also employed the tool Multi-Marker Analysis of Genomic
Annotation (MAGMA)54 (downloaded June 28, 2017 from
https://ctg.cncr.nl/software/magma) for the purpose of gene prioritization. We used the
“multi=snp-wise” option, which aggregates a gene-level test of mean SNP association
equivalent to VEGAS55 and a test of the single maximally associated SNP. We mapped a
SNP to a gene if it resides within the gene boundaries or 5 kb of either endpoint,
according to the coordinate file available at the MAGMA webpage. We used the
Europeans in 1000 Genomes phase 3 as the reference panel for estimating LD. We
applied the Benjamini-Hochberg procedure and declared a gene to be significant if its
joint P value falls below the threshold corresponding to FDR < 0.05.
An importance difference between the gene-prioritization functions of DEPICT and
MAGMA lies in their treatment of the relationship between SNP and gene. In brief,
DEPICT takes a local maximum of the Manhattan plot clearing the threshold  P < 10 −5
recommended by the DEPICT  developers and constructs an LD-based locus centered on
this lead SNP. Any gene overlapping this locus is prioritized if its vector of memberships
in the DEPICT reconstituted gene sets is significantly correlated with the vectors
belonging to genes near other lead SNPs. A prioritized gene is not necessarily the closest
to a lead SNP, and in fact the distance between lead SNP and prioritized gene can reach
hundreds of kilobases. MAGMA, on the other hand, tests the significance of the SNPs
falling directly within the gene boundaries or sufficiently close to one of its endpoints.
(The developers recommend using a short radius.) This  difference between DEPICT and
MAGMA in the treatment of SNP-gene distance is perhaps not particularly consequential
because a SNP residing inside a gene can show strong association with the trait as a result
of LD with causal SNPs outside the gene. Nevertheless, it is  an important conceptual
distinction.
PANTHER. As a robustness check of the DEPICT results, which are  based on its
reconstituted gene sets, we use an enrichment analysis that employs binary gene sets (i.e.,
gene sets for which any given gene is either a member or not, as opposed to having a
quantitative measure of the amount of membership).  Specifically, we used  the

Savage 2018 Table S15 note:
Note: GWGAS tests were performed in MAGMA and represent the aggregate effect of all SNPs in a gene (defined by GRCh37 reference genome locations). Bonferroni threshold of significance for 18,128 genes was 2.76E-06.
